Applied new CLI format. (#1080)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/dev/cli/virtual-usb/connect-session.md

sidebar_label: Connect to Session
---

## Description

> Connect to an existing Virtual USB session in lieu of launching a new vUSB session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect to an existing Virtual USB (vUSB) session in lieu of launching a new vUSB session.
```

## Usage

<span className="cli">$ &lt;main class&gt; [OPTIONS] connect [OPTIONS]</span>

## Options Details

> ### <span className="cli">--sessionId </span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### <span className="cli">--sessionId</span>
```

<div className="cli-desc">
<p><small>| REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p>

The unique identifier of your test session. You can retrieve the session ID of an active session using the [`sessions` command](/dev/cli/virtual-usb/find-sessionid).

</div>

### <span className="cli">--username </span>

<div className="cli-desc">
<p><small>| REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p>

A valid Sauce Labs user account. You can find your username on the Sauce Labs [User Settings page](https://app.saucelabs.com/user-settings). This option supports environment variable values.

</div>

### <span className="cli">--accessKey</span>

<div className="cli-desc">
<p><small>| REQUIRED | STRING |</small></p>

The authentication access key associated with your Sauce Labs user account. You can find your access key on the Sauce Labs [User Settings page](https://app.saucelabs.com/user-settings). This option supports environment variable values.

</div>

### <span className="cli">--serverHost</span>

<div className="cli-desc">
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | URL ADDRESS |</small></p>

> A specific Virtual USB server host address. The default value, if not specified, is `http://127.0.0.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A specific vUSB server host address. The default value, if not specified, is `http://127.0.0.1`.
```

</div>

### <span className="cli">--serverPort</span>

<div className="cli-desc">
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p>

> A specific Virtual USB server port. The default value, if not specified, is `33657`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A specific vUSB server port. The default value, if not specified, is `33657`.
```
